		Time Line for Tartarus

t-9 - Tartarus Lands on pandora and purchases several items and creaters from the Gate, including jason as a prisoner, they plan on selling him as a slave.

t-7 - Tartarus leaves pandora, jason is chained in the in a prisoner cell close the where the players land later on. A Crew member guards his door, the container is made specificly for holding psi operatives. Everything else is still in the holding bay. Jason is unconscious at this point.

t-5 - Captain Samantha Rodrick places crysalids in cell one breaks out of its cell attacked the crew and break open a container holding the virus. The crysalid becomes infected and infects everything bites into. Captain Is there as the crew is infected, she only recieves a small wound in the fight. She looks the doors and instructs HANS to quarintine the holding bay. 

t-4.5 - The Infected crew and crysalids infect everytning in the holding bay.

t-3.5 - The infected damage the ships eletricals, remove many of the objects that HANS has control of and in the process slowly infecting HANS himself with a strain that cause him to have horrible hallusinations and believes all transhumans are trying to destroy it.

t-3 - The infected get out of the holding zone and begin attacking what ever left over crew is left.

t-1.5 - Firewall arrives on the ship after tailing it for its high risk purchase. They decide to intercept and board after seeing the ship has been on emergancy power for 2 hours.

t-1 - the firewall team encounter the infected and loses Paul Jones to it, they no on the.

t-0.5 - jason comes to, awoken buy the sound of his guard getting murdered by an infected crystalid. It doesn't knowtice jason and moves past him. The electrial shield of his hold is now down and he can use his psi powers on outside objects. Their is also a veint that is bolted on, using a part of the toliet in the cell he could potentially break out.

t-0 - The players land on the ship with almost no fuel left to steer their ship. They board and captain Rodrick is near by when they attack she is hostal and slightly paranoid to the players at first.


